v2.3a to v2.4a (27.04.17)
tldr; Updated code for newer versions of backend (Python 2.7.13, matplotlib 2.0.0). Various UI fixes. Modernized look.
      Changed from Python 2.7.11 and matplotlib 1.5.3.
01- Revised 'draw_zones()' function because of the (apparently) odd axes scaling on the new mpl 2.0.0.
    a. Functionality is essentially the same as in 2.3a, but this revision uses the mpl 'axhspan' function.
       i. 'axhspan' draws a rectangle and is not specifically 'filling between set limits'.
      ii. 'axhspan' always draws this rectangle to span the entirety of the x-axis' range.
    b. 'draw_zones()' has parameters being passed to it from 'animate()': 'yax_min' and 'yax_max'.
       i. 'yax_min' is the same as the mpl's default minimum y-limit.
      ii. 'yax_max' is the same as the mpl's default maximum y-limit.
     iii. These values are used to set the limits for the y-axis so that mpl does not override it automatically.
          NB: Yes, this is essentially setting the limits to mpl's own auto-limits. Very funny mpl 2.0.0... not.
    c. Fixed the weird lines that occurred between the ping limited zone values.
       i. This was accomplished by setting the 'edgecolor' parameter to 'none'.
02- Fixed an undocumented error which pops up when 'upd_data()' did not populate 'nppings' before 'link()' calls.
    a. The problem was mismatching array sizes to plot. Reporting:
       "link(ypings, nppings)"
       "data1[index + 1] = data2[index + 1]"
       "IndexError: index 1 is out of bounds for axis 0 with size 1"
       i. This occurred only when the very first ping made in 'upd_data()' took to long to respond.
    b. This was fixed by forcing 'upd_data()' to be repeatedly called until 'nppings' had at least one value, then
       allowing animation to flow.
03- Changed the status text and textbox to a Play / Pause indicator which changes based on the state of the graph.
    a. This Play / Pause indicator is a button object with no on.clicked method linked - so it's just an image.
    b. This required the addition of 2 new images to the static/buttons directory: 'pa_button.png' and 'pl_button.png'.
04- Alot of the positioning was just bad with the new mpl 2.0.0. So below summarizes the positioning fixes:
    a. Checkbox area for NA/LAN selection.
    b. 'Buttons' for ping summary and arrow indicator.
    c. Play / Pause indicator image (where the old status text and textbox used to be).
05- Changed the text to 'Agency FB' and customized the font sizes of many of the displayed texts.
    a. This is personal preference and can be added as a customization feature later using a drop-down list.
       NB: 05 a. is accomplished by simply changing the 'font' value.
06- Added a grayed colour for the radiobutton that is inactive for easier readability.
07- New convention to keep the completed tasks described with '-DONE-' in the TODO.txt.